Full job description 
We’re looking for exceptional machine learning interns who are passionate about AI, graphics, 
and building world-class products together with us. 
What we’re looking for: 
• Able to commit to a full-time internship for 12 weeks or longer 
• Intend to join Meshy full-time after graduation (ideally graduating from 9/2026-
9/2027, but later is also acceptable) 
• Open to undergraduate, master's, or PhD students 
• Strong in technical fundamentals, with a spirit of innovation and willingness to 
challenge yourself 
 
Who You Are 
We are looking for Machine Learning Systems Engineers who can help us build the world's 
largest end-to-end 3D native machine learning systems. You will help us build our end to end 
ML framework dedicated for 3D, from pretraining, to finetuning, inferencing, etc. We expect a 
combination of strong hands on engineering skills, eagerness to learn new things, and thrives in 
a fast-paced, high-ownership environment. 
Who We Are 
At Meshy, we believe 3D creation should be boundless and accessible. Our mission statement is 
simple: unleash creativity. We built a full pipeline for 3D content ranging from text / image to 
3D, texturing, texture editing, animation rigging, etc. We also built a vibrant community for our 
creators, where people can share their work, take inspiration from others, and even use it as an 
asset marketplace for their games and prototypes. We are the market leader in 3D generative 
AI, recognized as the No.1 in popularity among 3D AI tools (according to 2024 A16Z Games 
survey), and we generate real value and is used by enterprises (including Meta, Square Enix, 
Deepmind, etc.) and millions of end users. Meshy is used in game and film production, in 3D 
printing, in industrial product design, in enablement of novel product features such as user-
generated content, and even in training and simulation for robotics and physical AI. 
Your next challenge 
3D is the brave new frontier of Gen AI. Our work here involves a lot of unique new challenges in 
both training and inference. Your next challenge at Meshy would involve the full stack of AI, 
from debugging and monitoring the hardware platform, building training framework, scaling 
high-throughput 3D data pipelines for our foundational training, co-designing novel model 
architectures with researchers, to the novel challenge of efficient inference engines for 
diffusion models and more. Here are some examples for each side of the challenge: 
What We're Looking For 
• Experience in machine learning or high performance graphics. 
• Solid practical understanding of at least one machine learning framework (e.g. PyTorch, 
JAX). 
• Strong ability to write beautiful and maintainable code in Python and/or C++. 
• Ability to learn fast and dive into new concepts or complex codebases. 
• Performance and efficiency oriented mindset, with a strong interest in the tiniest detail. 
• Strong communication skills for working in a globally distributed team. 
Nice to have 
• A strong passion to navigate through the PyTorch internals, with hands-on experience in 
areas like torch.compile , fully_shard (FSDP2) APIs. 
• Experience with building Triton kernels. 
• Experiences with large-scale distributed training, familiarity with modern parallelization 
techniques: DP, TP, CP, PP, zero redundancy optimizers, etc. 
• Experience with diffusion models in 3D or video. 
• Experience with low precision bf16 or fp8 training 
 
Internship Tracks 
Star Intern 
• Base salary: $70/hour 
• Role: Collaborate with Machine Learning engineers to drive progress in AI and graphics 
R&D 
• Requirements: First-author publications in top-tier conferences such 
as SIGGRAPH, SIGKDD, etc. 
Rising Intern 
• Base pay: $50/hour 
• Role: Collaborate with Machine Learning engineers to drive progress in AI and graphics 
R&D 
• Requirements: Hands-on experience in machine learning or GPU development, either 
through research or engineering work 
 
Location 
We are based in Sunnyvale, California. 
 
About Meshy 
Headquartered in Silicon Valley, Meshy is the leading 3D generative AI company on a mission 
to Unleash 3D Creativity by transforming the content creation pipeline. Meshy makes it 
effortless for both professional artists and hobbyists to create unique 3D assets — turning text 
and images into stunning 3D models in just minutes. What once took weeks and cost $1,000 
now takes just 2 minutes and $1. 
Our world-class team of top experts in computer graphics, AI, and art includes alumni from MIT, 
Stanford, and Berkeley, as well as veterans from Nvidia and Microsoft. Our talent spans the 
globe, with team members distributed across North America, Asia, and Oceania, fostering a 
diverse and innovative multi-regional culture focused on solving global 3D challenges. Meshy is 
trusted by top developers, backed by premiere venture capital firms like Sequoia and GGV, and 
has successfully raised $52 Million in funding. 
Meshy is the market leader, recognized as the No.1 in popularity among 3D AI tools (according 
to 2024 A16Z Games) and No.1 in website traffic (according to SimilarWeb, with 3 
Million monthly visits). The platform boasts over 5 Million users and has generated 40 Million 
models. 
Founder and CEO Yuanming (Ethan) Hu earned his Ph.D. in graphics and AI from MIT, where he 
developed the acclaimed Taichi GPU programming language (27K stars on GitHub, used by 300+ 
institutes). His work is highly influential, including an honorable mention for the SIGGRAPH 
2022 Outstanding Doctoral Dissertation Award and over 2,700 research citations. 
&nbsp; 
 
 
